# Google IT Automation with Python
<h3> ATTENTION </h3>
I claim these modules as fully mine. I build these modules from scratch with guidance from Coursera platform as these modules are being used by me to pass learning specialization at Coursera.

<h3> Brief Introduction </h3>

[Google IT Automation with Python](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-it-automation) is a specialization offered by Coursera. This specialization consists of six courses, developed by Google and designed to provide IT professionals with in-demand skills, including Python, Git, and IT automation -- that can help them advance their careers. The hands-on curriculum is designed to teach learners how to write code in Python, with a special focus on how this applies to automating tasks in the world of IT support and systems administration. Those who received this certificate passed all graded assessments with a score of 80% of above. They should have a strong foundation in how to use Git and GitHub, troubleshoot and debug complex problems, and apply automation at scale by using configuration management and the Cloud in order to prepare them for more advanced IT Support Specialist or Junior Systems Administrator positions.
<br>

<h3> Final Course: Automating Real-World Tasks with Python </h3>
In the final course, we'll tie together the concepts that you’ve learned up until now. You'll tackle real-world scenarios in Qwiklabs that will challenge you to use multiple skills at once. First, we'll take a closer look at how to use external Python modules to extend your code's capabilities, and spend some time learning how to use documentation to learn a new module. For example, we'll use the Python Image Library (PIL) to create and modify images. We'll show you some simple examples of how to perform common tasks in the course material, but it will be up to you to explore the module documentation to figure out how to solve specific problems. Next, we'll show you how to communicate with the world outside of your code! You'll use data serialization to turn in-memory objects into messages that can be sent to other programs. Your program will send messages across the network to Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) offered by other programs. For those times when your code needs to talk to a person instead of a program, you'll also learn to send email messages. At the end of this course, you’ll be able to take a description of a problem and use your skills to create a solution -- just like you would on the job. In your final capstone project, you'll be given a description of what your customer needs, and it will be up to you to create a program to do it! <br><br>

First Project: [Manipulating Images (change_format.py)](https://github.com/ahmdxrzky/google-it-automation-with-python/blob/main/automating_real_world_tasks_with_python/change_format.py) <br>
Second Project: [Interacting with Web Services (run_feedback.py)](https://github.com/ahmdxrzky/google-it-automation-with-python/blob/main/automating_real_world_tasks_with_python/run_feedback.py) <br>
Third Project: [Automatic Output Generation (cars.py)](https://github.com/ahmdxrzky/google-it-automation-with-python/blob/main/automating_real_world_tasks_with_python/cars.py) <br>
Fourth Project: [Putting it All Together](https://github.com/ahmdxrzky/google-it-automation-with-python/blob/main/automating_real_world_tasks_with_python/fourth_project.md) (since it's a complex project, I've refer the link above to another readme file)
